A substantial detached family home set amidst very private, ‘double feu’ gardens with tennis court, all situated within the desirable conservation district of Tannoch Loch.

This superb home was individually built in 1989 to an exceptional standard and provides bright, well-proportioned family accommodation extending to approximately 4800 sqft.

The house has been freshly decorated throughout in neutral tones which is complemented by timber flooring, ceramic tiling and quality self-coloured carpeting. There is gas fired central heating throughout and the large floor to ceiling double glazed windows maximise natural light and give direct access to the gardens and balcony.

Our video and photographs will give a better idea of the form and layout, but in brief, this stunning home provides, on the ground floor; main reception hall with cloakroom and shower room off, beautiful main living room with vaulted ceiling, dining room with living flame gas fire between this room and main living room, fabulous open plan living kitchen with separate utility room and pantry, plus large guest /fifth bedroom.

The curving staircase leads to the galleried upper hall, which in turn leads to the principle bedroom suite with dressing area, en-suite bathroom and balcony overlooking the gardens. Bedroom two has an en-suite shower room, dressing room and there are two further double bedrooms plus family bathroom.

In addition to the main accommodation, the house benefits from a large attached double garage and extremely useful ‘garden room’ which has power, light, heating and w/c compartment – perfect for use as a large home office, studio or gym.

‘Lochdene’ is accessed from Mugdock Road via electric gates, which in turn leads to a long driveway, that sweeps round to the mono block area immediately in front of the property. As the video shows, the gardens are very well maintained with extensive lawned areas, mature trees and a sheltered ‘decked’ area to the rear providing an ideal space for children to play, barbecue etc.

The full-sized tennis court is completely fenced and in superb condition.

‘Lochdene’ enjoys an extremely private location sitting well back from Mugdock Road at the end of the private tarmacadam driveway. The rear gardens face due West, are extremely bright and have peaceful views over surrounding woodland.

The Tannoch conservation area is one of the most desirable residential address’ to the North of Glasgow and although this home enjoys complete privacy and seclusion, it is only a few hundred yards from all amenities in Milngavie town centre. Milngavie Reservoir, Mugdock country park and Tannoch Loch are literally just around the corner, whilst rail and bus links are easily accessible from Milngavie Town centre. Glasgow city centre is easily accessible by car.